# Application theme

Theme is centralized in this folder in order to be easier to modify. Like this you don't have
to look in every folder to change a thing in the application theme.

## ThemeContext

This context allows you to use a dynamic theme. There you can load different theme files
according to some variables (in the example the light/dark theme, but it could be for example premium/free, admin/regular  etc...).

## ThemeHook

Simplifies theme use. Like this, you just need to use `useTheme()` to access every values 
of the theme generated by `ThemeContext`.

## Aligments

Contains style classes that center or align items.

## ApplicationStyle

Contains the more specific style of the application like containers style etc... This file avoid to create 
specific style files in the project tree.

## Colors

Contains all the colors used in the application. This file handle black/light theme.

## Fonts

List all text sizes of the application and classes regarding text style.

## Images

List all the images of the application, all the files are stored in the `Assets` folder.
Thi file handle black/light theme.

## Spaces

Generate all margins and paddings from defined sizes.

## Strings

Contains i18next set up. The folder `Translations` contains all the app strings.

## Modify Splash Screen  

### IOS

#### Change the image  

- In XCode and open : `Imagex.xcassets`

- Change the Splash image with the one you want

#### Change background color

- In XCode open : `LaunchScreen.storyboard`

- Expand `View controller scene` and `View Controller` then click on `View`

- On the right menu you can change the background color by selecting the Attribute inspector icon (looks like a small cursor).

### Android

#### Change the image

In `app` > `res` > `drawable`, replace the `splash_icon.png` with the one you want (make sure to keep the same file name).

#### Change background color

In `app` > `res` > `drawable` > `splash_screen.xml`, replace the color of the background.
You can add colors in `app` > `res` > `values` > `colors.xml`
